Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Hello.
Did you check the CCTV?
Let me confirm.
All four of them
were decked out in black jackets.
black pants. and black masks.
They were all big guys.
How big are we talking?
All four of them were over 180 cm.
Two of them were about 187 or 188 cm.
I could tell they worked out a lot.
Some were MMA fighters.
And they used batons
with a Taser function.
They were wearing shoe covers.
Have you noticed
anything unusual recently?
Well…
Go ahead. Tell him.
Actually. some strangers came to our place
about three days ago.
They were like. "You have to join
the boxing league we run."
The league was called the IKFC.
It was a threat. not a suggestion.
The two of them were huge.
They offered
a one-billion-won signing bonus.
One billion?
In cash.
So you think it's linked to them?
Yes. they made it sound like
they'd be back.
I checked the CCTV. but it showed nothing.
What?
We just installed the CCTV.
You shouldn't eavesdrop on us.
I mean. I could hear you.
Your voice was loud.
I'm sorry.
Anyway. the timestamp is moving.
but the screen is blank.
Okay. go.
Anything else you remember?
We had the WBC Championship last week.
-The opponent…
-Right?
It was you. right?
Oh. yes.
-It's an honor.
-Thank you.
I boxed a bit in middle school. too.
so I watched your fights a few times.
I'm sorry. Anyway…
Please continue.
I read that the opponent went missing.
It makes me suspicious
that they're connected.
I understand.
I'll investigate it right away.
This house might be unsafe.
You should stay elsewhere.
Then. Detective.
would a hotel work?
You should avoid crowded places.
Where should we go?
Tae-yeong's place?
Hello.
-Hello.
-Yes. hello.
-Detective Choi.
This is where the fire started.
See the melted gas container?
It's a makeshift explosive.
Looks like the detonator was triggered
by a cell phone signal.
How much expertise do you need to do this?
You'd have to be
a high-level EOD technician.
-We found a wallet in the car.
-Okay.
I need…
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
MANAGER / BODYGUARD SON JIN-NAM
BLOODHOUNDS 2
-Thank you.
-No problem.
Mom.
Are you okay?
Of course.
I'm okay as long as you two are okay.
We're okay. Mom.
-It's a two-day fix for the windows.
-Okay.
Our family.
we'll get through this again.
Yes.
They're on the move.
Turn right.
Are they coming this way?
Yes.
2196!
-2196!
-Go over there! Quick!
2196!
-Stay with me!
-Hurry!
How long has he been out?
-About ten minutes.
-Got it.
This place is deserted.
Fuck!
Damn it!
Hold on!
Hello.
-Tae-yeong.
-Hello.
Come on in. Watch your step.
I'm so sorry.
You shouldn't be.
You've been feeding me
a ton of side dishes all this time.
I'm just happy I get to return the favor.
Thank you for saying yes
on such short notice.
Of course. We are family.
You two can use this room.
I'll get you some blankets.
This way. Ms. Yoon.
You can use this room.
My sister uses it once in a while.
but she's in the US now.
Thank you.
-Tae-yeong.
-Yes!
It's nothing serious.
Could you check something for me?
Sure.
NO RESULTS FOUND FOR "IKFC"
I should check the dark web.
What?
What's that?
Well…
The web we use every day
is like the iceberg above the surface.
The dark web is below the surface.
It's completely anonymous.
so it's a haven
for criminals dodging the radar.
Completely anonymous? What does that mean?
Whenever we go online.
we leave an IP trail.
An IP address is like a digital ID.
So when online crimes occur.
we can track IPs to catch criminals.
But dark web IPs are encrypted
and virtually untraceable.
It's impossible to track the user.
Criminals exploit this
to create underground black markets.
using Bitcoin for transactions.
Wow. you really know your stuff.
Back when we met.
I was in the cyber division.
tracking and taking down these websites.
Some sites I shut down sold drugs.
while others distributed IEDs and poisons.
Some even offered murder-for-hire.
where. shockingly. you could actually
choose the method of execution.
They offered things like torture-murders.
acid disposal. and staged suicides.
I still remember the admin ID.
M-A-N-J-I.
the English spelling
of the Buddhist symbol.
Isn't it ironic?
For a hitman to go by a name like that.
Anyway. I'm going in.
Found it.
FASTER. STRONGER. BLOODIER
FIGHT. MONEY. BLOOD - TAKE THE MONEY!
Man. his skin split open so easily.
What is this?
What's wrong?
They want a credit card.
but never enter your card info here.
You never know who'll hack it
and exploit your data.
Can't you hack into it or something?
If I do that.
the site admins will be able to see me.
If they're faster than me.
they'll breach my system
before I can even get into theirs.
They can infect the system
and hold it hostage.
The dark web is home to elite hackers.
far beyond anything I could imagine.
-I'm sorry.
-Please. Don't be.
But then…
But then. what?
We just need to avoid
using our credit cards. right?
Well. that's true.
Woo-jin.
Should we ask
Mr. Moon?
Are you thinking of a mule card?
Mule cards use stolen IDs.
so innocent people end up taking the fall.
And if they are dead?
Well…
I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
Gun-woo.
Yeah?
You should stay here
and protect your mom and Tae-yeong.
Hold on.
Anything could happen. okay?
I'll go talk to Mr. Moon.
Okay. I got it.
There goes one.
Which one? Gun-woo?
No. the other one.
In-beom.
I'm the one who got you out of jail.
Thanks for taking the deal.
Let's recruit Kim Gun-woo…
Aren't you here because you took the deal?
This puts me in a bind.
You.
Kang In-beom.
There's nothing within a 10 km radius.
Leave this warehouse.
and I'm calling the cops.
They'll be here in ten minutes tops.
No matter how fast you are.
you can't run 10 km in 10 minutes.
I can drive a car.
Where do you think you're going. bastard?
You son of a bitch!
Son of a bitch!
You fuckface!
Bastard!
Fucking bastards!
Come at me. you fucking bastards!
Those morons.
Get up. you bastards! Get the hell up!
Fuck!
Bring it.
I'll end you.
For fuck's sake.
Hey.
You.
I thought you were a weak little shit.
but you're not.
That was some half-assed boxing you did.
I'm gonna cash in on Gun-woo.
I'll cut you in.
Stick with me.
Fuck off. you bastard.
Salute!
At ease.
-At ease.
-Hong Woo-jin. 1.216th Marine Class.
Ack!
I. a senior Marine.
am incredibly proud of my juniors.
It's not because Gun-woo won the title!
Until he won the title.
our junior marines stuck together
and toughed it out like true Marines.
It's the process I'm proud of!
You understand?
Ack!
Now. give me a hug.
You did great. Look at you.
What happened to your face. kiddo?
Look at this kid.
They came all the way to the house?
Yes.
Their intel beats the military's.
They brought
a one-billion-won signing bonus in cash.
-One billion won?
-Yes.
And they'd give us up to 15 billion won
if he fought just one match.
They're offering
15 billion won in fight money
for one match?
An operation of that scale
is more than anyone in this country
can handle.
That's right. They claim
four million members worldwide.
Four million? Where is it being broadcast?
Sir. there's this thing
called the dark web.
The Internet we usually use…
You know. the iceberg…
-It's above the surface and below--
-Yeah.
Yeah. I know.
Dark web.
I only just learned about this today.
So. they stream the fights
on the dark web.
and the viewers bet on it. Is that it?
I think so.
But
if a real champion like Gun-woo joins…
well.
that underground boxing world
would get absolutely pumped.
Why?
Gun-woo alone
would raise their status big-time.
Whether it's 1 billion or 15 billion won.
they pour all that money in
because they'll make more back.
You're right.
So…
how can I help?
To access their website.
we need to sign up for membership.
We need a credit card.
but the moment your info's out there--
You need a mule card.
I sincerely respect you. sir.
Sun-bo.
-Yes.
-Here.
-Bring me three mule cards.
-Okay.
The premium ones.
Okay.
Finish your coffee.
Thanks.
Here. go splurge.
Thank you. sir.
Who's helping you now?
For now.
Gun-woo and I will handle it ourselves.
Come on. Woo-jin.
The way I see it.
these guys are global villains.
You follow me?
Yes. I'm aware.
But we got stronger
from taking down Kim Myeong-gil.
I don't think that's the reason.
I find it odd.
Why aren't you asking for my help?
Gun-woo and I talked.
We don't want to drag you into this again.
Hong Woo-jin. 1.216th Marine Class.
Hong Woo-jin. 1.216th Marine Class. sir!
Did you forget?
You mess with one Marine.
you mess with all Marines.
Besides. if I just hang back
while you are in trouble…
what would Mr. Choi
think of me in heaven?
And as for me.
I have a responsibility
as a senior Marine.
Two is better than one.
And three would be better
than you two. right?
Hold my hand.
I'm your senior.
I will support you all the way.
Oh man. He's not even budging.
By the way. did you come here alone?
Yes. Gun-woo is with his mother.
You naive punk.
I'm asking if you've been followed.
Come on. Look at you.
They came right to your front door.
You think they'll just sit back?
-Is that your car?
-Yes.
Listen.
Drive around the neighborhood
and come back here.
Let's see what these bastards look like.
He's out.
-Sun-bo.
-Yes.
Write this down.
On it.
One. four. three. nine.
two. two. nine. zero.
We've been here already.
No.
That's the one.
-Avante. right?
-Yes.
See you later. sir.
Woo-jin. don't look back. Just drive.
Where did you go today?
Gun-woo. his mom. and I packed up
and went to Tae-yeong's place.
First. call Gun-woo.
Tell him to move his mother.
They could burst in any second.
And I'll send you an address.
Lure them there.
We'll catch them and squeeze them.
WOO-JIN
Yes. Woo-jin.
Gun-woo. listen closely and stay calm.
Okay.
Take Mom and Tae-yeong
and get out of there now.
What?
We've been followed.
And we also exposed Tae-yeong.
Take her with you.
Okay. got it.
Where are you going?
Me? I'm…
Mr. Moon and I are gonna grab
the guys tailing us.
Keep your mom safe.
Tae-yeong too.
Okay.
But. Woo-jin…
where should we go?
I can only think of Min-beom.
We have no other choice.
You have to move fast.
Okay. got it.
Be careful.
MIN-BEOM
The person you've called is unavailable.
Please leave a message…
Tae-yeong.
I'm really sorry.
We've put you in danger.
I think they followed us here.
I shouldn't be here. right?
I'm afraid so.
They could burst in any second.
I'll pack my things.
-I'm so sorry.
-Please don't worry.
Where should we go?
Well…
I'll ask around. Just a moment.
Hello?
Hello. Gun-woo.
This is Cho. President Hong's secretary.
Yes. hello.
The thing is.
he's in an important meeting
with international partners.
so he told me to call you before he can.
What can I do for you?
I was going to tell Min-beom.
Please feel free to tell me anything.
My family
is in danger.
My mother
needs a safe place to stay.
Come straight to our office building.
I'll have the bodyguards on standby.
How else can I help?
Do you happen to have
a motorcycle I can borrow?
I need to go save Woo-jin.
but I'm worried about the traffic.
Yes. sure.
What kind of motorcycle?
Just something fast. I can ride anything.
I'll prepare the fastest one possible.
Okay. thank you.
Everything okay?
Yes. Wait.
They're getting away.
What?
They're hitting the elevator!
Who?
Gun-woo. his mom.
and the woman in the wheelchair.
What should we do?
-What?
-Sir.
I'll get Woo-jin instead of the mother.
-So what?
-I need a place and people.
Send him some guys.
Yes. sir.
Hello.
-Please look after my mom and Tae-yeong.
-Sure.
-Please help.
And the motorcycle?
Right this way.
Will this work?
Yes.
WOO-JIN
Be safe.
I will.
Where are you?
I'm at the light by the elementary school.
I'll be at the auto shop after this light.
Okay. I'm on my way now.
LEE DONG-HYEON
MANAGER
Yes.
There's a factory five minutes from you.
It's quiet there.
Send me the address.
Okay. I will.
We're on our way too.
Damn it.
That crazy bastard.
Where the fuck is he going?
He just got off the road.
I'll send you the new address.
Was it you. fucker?
Fuck!
Damn it.
Let go. you bastard.
Get off!
Fuck!
Whoa!
Son of a bitch!
Are you okay. sir?
Nope. Feels like there's a hole
in my head.
You'll be okay.
But I'm bleeding like crazy.
A Marine's blood is sweat.
A Marine's blood is…
Cut the bullshit.
Ack!
Sir.
You've gotta be shitting me. fuckers.
Woo-jin!
Drop it. Put it down. you bastard!
Let it go. fucker!
Fuck you!
I told you to shut up.
Sir!
Woo-jin!
Are you okay?
Yes. but my left hand hurts like hell.
Nah. you are okay.
A Marine's blood is sweat.
A reservist's blood
is just plain old blood.
Let's put him in the car.
Okay. sir.
-Sir.
-What?
What the…
Who the hell are they?
Do they have a work dinner here or what?
-Sir.
-Yes.
Let's go.
Catch those fucking bastards!
Hurry!
-Hurry!
-You're dead meat!
-Catch them! Hurry!
-Hurry!
Sir!
Assholes! Get them! You bastards!
Woo-jin!
-Go up!
-Here!
Sir!
Get up there! Hurry. bastards!
You fucker!
Son of a bitch!
Sir!
Woo-jin. I'm not gonna die! Just go!
Ack!
Catch that bastard!
Son of a bitch!
Goddamn it!
Shit.
Get him!
-Fuckers!
-Stop. you bastard!
Fuck!
You bastard.
Stop him. damn it!
-Die. bastard!
-Come here. fucker!
Fuck! Come and get me. you thugs!
Go after him!
Fucking hell.
Damn. they sure come fast.
Fuck!
-Son of a bitch!
-Where are you going?
-You're dead meat. fucker!
You're fucking dead!
-Fucking bastard!
-You son of a bitch!
Son of a bitch!
-Moron.
-Fuck!
Kill him. damn it!
You fucker!
Fucking prick!
Die. you son of a bitch!
You son of a bitch!
Get over here. fucker!
Fucking bastard!
Son of a bitch!
What are you looking at. fucker?
-Son of a bitch!
-Fucker!
-Fucking bastard!
-Son of a bitch!
Fuck!
-Hey.
-Wait. look.
-What the?
-What?
What the hell?
Who the fuck is that?
My fucking back. Damn it.
Fuck. What now?
Fucking moron.
Who the hell are you?
How dare you. you piece of shit!
-Fucking bastard!
-Son of a bitch!
What the hell. bastard? You crazy fucker!
Hey. grab him!
You son of a bitch!
Son of a bitch!
Fucking bastard!
Fucker!
Die. you bastard!
Fucking bastard.
Damn. you can fight.
Fucking bastard!
Fuck!
Gun-woo.
Gun-woo!
Woo-jin!
Are you okay?
I am.
Oh no…
Your hand!
Gun-woo.
-Yes.
-Mr. Moon.
Right.
Sir.
-Gun-woo.
-Yes.
Let's get out of here.
Yes.
Woo-jin.
Yeah.
Subtitle translation by: Jooyea Lee
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org